# listing-service

### Started out by creating all neccessary files and folders and making an initial commit. <br><br>After a lot of googling and Dom nudging us in the correct direction regarding GET and POST methods. I created 2 app.get routes to handle providing the 2 html pages (index and results). For the 3rd route, the one which handles the form POST data I had to figure out a way to transfer the data from the form page to the results page to then be able to work with it. <br><br>Initially I was trying to handle this with JQuery but soon learnt that HTML state doesn't persist so the data is lost going to a secondary page / reloading. After some reading a lot of people were pointing to using the query string in the url to pass the data and then parsing it. I used the module querystring in the server file to parse and add the request body to the end of the url. Initially this didn't work, it wouldn't route to my results.html page but adding a "?" at the end of the redirect path fixed this, not sure why, I'm assuming as queries usually show up after question marks in urls. <br><br>Once the routing was in place I had to parse the URL for the required data. I came across an inbuilt constructor called URLSearchParams which breaks the URL query into an object, from which you can a key's respective value. Doing this and then appending it to a element ID using JQuery worked. All that was left was styling for a rough piece of work. Thereafter I can go and add some tests and do more defensive coding or better styling, or add the feature of more than one listing, because currently the form only works directly to 1 listing section which doesn't persist on new submissions.